A strange seed was planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this Pokémon.
There is a plant bulb on its back. When it absorbs nutrients, the bulb is said to blossom into a large flower.
A bewitching aroma wafts from its flower. The fragrance becalms those engaged in a battle.
From the time it is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out.
It lashes about with its tail to knock down its foe. It then tears up the fallen opponent with sharp claws.
Its wings can carry this Pokémon close to an altitude of 4,600 feet. It blows out fire at very high temperatures.
When it retracts its long neck into its shell, it squirts out water with vigorous force.
This Pokémon is very popular as a pet. Its fur-covered tail is a symbol of its longevity.
It crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell.
It is covered with a green skin. When it grows, it sheds the skin, covers itself with silk, and becomes a cocoon.
Even though it is encased in a sturdy shell, the body inside is tender. It can't withstand a harsh attack.
The wings are protected by a rain-repellent dust. As a result, this Pokémon can fly about even in rain.
Often found in forests and grasslands. It has a sharp, toxic barb of around two inches on top of its head.
This Pokémon is in a temporary stage while making its body. It is almost completely unable to move on its own.
May appear in a swarm. Flies at violent speeds, all the while stabbing with the toxic stinger on its rear.
A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps its wings and ground level to kick up blinding sand.
Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this Pokémon will fiercely peck at any intruder.
It spreads its gorgeous wings widely to intimidate enemies. It races through the skies at Mach-2 speed.
Bites anything when it attacks. Small and very quick, it is a common sight in many places. 
It uses its whiskers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap its short wings at high speed to stay airborne.
Its huge and magnificent wings can keep it aloft in the sky. It can remain flying a whole day without landing.
A very common sight in grassland, etc. It flicks its tongue in and out to sense danger in its surroundings.
The pattern on its belly appears to be a frightening face. Weak foes will flee just at the sight of the pattern.
It has small electric sacs on both its cheeks. If threatened, it looses electric charges from the sacs. 
Its long tail serves as ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power.
It burrows and lives underground. If threatened, it curls itself up into a ball for protection.
Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. It can roll while curled up to attack or escape.
Though small, it must be treated with caution because of its powerfully toxic barbs. The female has smaller horns.
The female has a gentle temperament. It emits ultrasonic cries that have the power to befuddle foes.
The body is covered by stiff, needle-like scales. If it becomes excited, the needles bristle outwards.
Its large ears are flapped like wings when it is listening to distant sounds. It extends toxic barbs when angered.
It is easily angered. By swinging its well-developed horn wildly, it can even punch through diamond.
It is recognized by its rock-hard hide and its extended horn. Be careful with the horn as it contains venom.
With its magical and cute appeal, it has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas.
A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen, it will run and hide the moment it senses people.
When it is born, it has just one snow-white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.
Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse.